README.md, before:

Repository link:
https://github.com/hiephamk/Web_PHP_Group_13.git

# Website for Car Producing Company - Team 13

The website will serve as a comprehensive product showcase platform for a car producing company. The website will display the company news, product descriptions and contact information.

## Members
1. Huynh Van Hiep
2. Vu Quang Dan
3. Tran Huynh An Duy
4. Nguyen Dinh Khanh Chi

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Database Tables](#database-tables)
- [Created Forms](#created-forms)
- [Created Tables](#created-tables)

---

## Features

In this section, list and describe the features or functionality that you are working on. You can use checkboxes to track the progress of each feature.

- [ ] Feature 1 (Nguyen Dinh Khanh Chi): Add a match for Products page
- [ ] Feature 2 (Vu Quang Dan): Feedback & request for Contact page
- [ ] Feature 3 (Tran Huynh An Duy): Add a filter for News page
- [ ] Feature 4 (Huynh Van Hiep): Member registration 
- [ ] Feature 5 (Huynh Van Hiep): Member login
- [ ] Feature 6 (Full Name): Update members profile
- [ ] Feature 7 (Full Name): Search - in header of all pages
- [ ] Feature 8 (Full Name): View and insert new article for News page

### Feature 1: Filter Products
Users can find products based on their desired request about fuel type and car type.
- Github links to related code files: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell link to the feature: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.php

### Feature 2: Request
Customers can send their feedback or request via the contact form. Data will be stored in the appropriate table.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.

### Feature 3: Filter News
Users will filter news based on a specific category.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- [Link to HAMK Shell](http://shell.hamk.fi/~duy23000/Web_PHP_Group_13/main_page/News-filter.php)


### Feature 4: Member register
Users will fill in their email and password to sign up our membership.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.

### Feature 5: Login
Users can sign in into their account after registering.
- Github links to related code files: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell link to the feature: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.php

### Feature 6: Update profile
Members will be directed to their profile page where they can update personal information such as change password, address, phone nubmer.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.

### Feature 7: Search
We will make the search button interactive and working, and also it will show the result in a new page.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.


### Feature 8: Insert news article
We will create a page for admin to insert news article, then this data will be stored in web database and display on News page.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.

---

## Database Tables

List the database tables that are part of your project. 

- Table 1 (Created By dinh23000): Products
- Table 2 (Created By dinh23000): CarCategory
- Table 3 (Created By dinh23000): EnergyType
- Table 4 (Created By hiep23000): Customers
- Table 5 (Created By dan23000): Requests
- Table 6 (Created By duy23000): News
- Table 7 (Created By duy23000): NewsCategory

> Include the ER Diagram of the database. 
![Database_diagram](https://github.com/hiephamk/Web_PHP_Group_13/blob/main/Database_diagram.png)

---

## Created Forms

List and describe any forms that have been created as part of your project. Include details about the purpose of each form and any validation logic.

#### Form 1 (Created By Nguyen Dinh Khanh Chi):
 - Form name: Product Form 
 - Purpose:
 - Validations Applied: 


#### Form 2 (Created By Vu Quang Dan):
 - Form name: Contact Form 
 - Purpose:
 - Validations Applied:

#### Form 3 (Created By Huynh Van Hiep):
 - Form name: Login Form 
 - Purpose: 
 - Validations Applied:

#### Form 4 (Created By Huynh Van Hiep):
 - Form name: Register Form 
 - Purpose: 
 - Validations Applied:

#### Form 5 (Created By Tran Huynh An Duy):
 - Form name: Filter Form 
 - Purpose: 
 - Validations Applied:

---

## Created Tables

List any tables that you have created in the project work

- Table 1 (Created By): Table Name | Link to the related code file (github) | Link to the table (shell.hamk.fi).

- Table 2 (Created By): Table Name | Link to the related code file (github) | Link to the table (shell.hamk.fi).

- Table 3 (Created By): Table Name | Link to the related code file (github) | Link to the table (shell.hamk.fi).

---

Commit message:

Update form details on Readme

README.md, after:

Repository link:
https://github.com/hiephamk/Web_PHP_Group_13.git

# Website for Car Producing Company - Team 13

The website will serve as a comprehensive product showcase platform for a car producing company. The website will display the company news, product descriptions and contact information.

## Members
1. Huynh Van Hiep
2. Vu Quang Dan
3. Tran Huynh An Duy
4. Nguyen Dinh Khanh Chi

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Database Tables](#database-tables)
- [Created Forms](#created-forms)
- [Created Tables](#created-tables)

---

## Features

In this section, list and describe the features or functionality that you are working on. You can use checkboxes to track the progress of each feature.

- [ ] Feature 1 (Nguyen Dinh Khanh Chi): Add a match for Products page
- [ ] Feature 2 (Vu Quang Dan): Feedback & request for Contact page
- [ ] Feature 3 (Tran Huynh An Duy): Add a filter for News page
- [ ] Feature 4 (Huynh Van Hiep): Member registration 
- [ ] Feature 5 (Huynh Van Hiep): Member login
- [ ] Feature 6 (Full Name): Update members profile
- [ ] Feature 7 (Full Name): Search - in header of all pages
- [ ] Feature 8 (Full Name): View and insert new article for News page

### Feature 1: Filter Products
Users can find products based on their desired request about fuel type and car type.
- Github links to related code files: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell link to the feature: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.php

### Feature 2: Request
Customers can send their feedback or request via the contact form. Data will be stored in the appropriate table.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.

### Feature 3: Filter News
Users will filter news based on a specific category.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- [Link to HAMK Shell](http://shell.hamk.fi/~duy23000/Web_PHP_Group_13/main_page/News-filter.php)


### Feature 4: Member register
Users will fill in their email and password to sign up our membership.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.

### Feature 5: Login
Users can sign in into their account after registering.
- Github links to related code files: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell link to the feature: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.php

### Feature 6: Update profile
Members will be directed to their profile page where they can update personal information such as change password, address, phone nubmer.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.

### Feature 7: Search
We will make the search button interactive and working, and also it will show the result in a new page.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.


### Feature 8: Insert news article
We will create a page for admin to insert news article, then this data will be stored in web database and display on News page.
- Github links: Ex: ### Github/project13/Feature1.php
- HAMK Shell: Ex: ### shell.hamk.fi/~member1/Feature1.

---

## Database Tables

List the database tables that are part of your project. 

- Table 1 (Created By dinh23000): Products
- Table 2 (Created By dinh23000): CarCategory
- Table 3 (Created By dinh23000): EnergyType
- Table 4 (Created By hiep23000): Customers
- Table 5 (Created By dan23000): Requests
- Table 6 (Created By duy23000): News
- Table 7 (Created By duy23000): NewsCategory

> Include the ER Diagram of the database. 
![Database_diagram](https://github.com/hiephamk/Web_PHP_Group_13/blob/main/Database_diagram.png)

---

## Created Forms

List and describe any forms that have been created as part of your project. Include details about the purpose of each form and any validation logic.

#### Form 1 (Created By Nguyen Dinh Khanh Chi):
 - Form name: Product Insert Form 
 - Purpose: To insert product details into table "Products" in database.
 - Validations Applied: On car category & energy type fields.


#### Form 2 (Created By Vu Quang Dan):
 - Form name: Contact Form 
 - Purpose:
 - Validations Applied:

#### Form 3 (Created By Huynh Van Hiep):
 - Form name: Login Form 
 - Purpose: 
 - Validations Applied:

#### Form 4 (Created By Huynh Van Hiep):
 - Form name: Register Form 
 - Purpose: 
 - Validations Applied:

#### Form 5 (Created By Tran Huynh An Duy):
 - Form name: Filter Form 
 - Purpose: 
 - Validations Applied:

---

## Created Tables

List any tables that you have created in the project work

- Table 1 (Created By Tran Huynh Andy): Table Name | Link to the related code file (github) | Link to the table (shell.hamk.fi).

- Table 2 (Created By): Table Name | Link to the related code file (github) | Link to the table (shell.hamk.fi).

- Table 3 (Created By): Table Name | Link to the related code file (github) | Link to the table (shell.hamk.fi).

---
